you should not have made the top ten
i'ma let you I know okay what you say
this right here is a nice dump but it's
not a top end up of all time that was
what a tough here thank you I'm telling
these guys look that's not a time he
didn't jump over them it's a guitar than
a fair with this one right yeah this is
a top ten go because in for glasses
shaking in grazing go to see you cry his
life anything else you want to say
anything on the room that's not a way to
fight it got a shot clock isn't that
isn't the top turnbuckle time no me this
is in there is below this would add this
was the initial that guy here yes
muggins I wouldn't know what the number
one this is the second time he got it
all mr. rice underfoot see I got this
unit into this is done that's what the
Michael Jordan on Oh Scotty gonna see
this was nice I hope they figure maybe
my top says but it was in the movement
setting was employing because this was
in the NBA Luke Harper spider
occasionally yes you got to it was like
a toss-up between this one
self in here when I give no Bob I've got
three inventor sundry make a poster
western facade of the New York oh wait
wait but this one really do it this is
up for it and I think maybe that same
soon we're back enjoy the web-based we
should play with Michael so I'm doing
what we do excuse me now this one this
is I oh this is unbelievable all right
next one I have a little problem no not
with the power I get to like a cooper
you said leatrice thing we're doin cuz
right here you don't want to be with the
Lakers get rock the cradle man you tell
me right now but the middle aisle
problem of this is a great dog I would
French advice this is mighty wanted top
dog what is in the Olympics and don't
count then you dunk on it about European
I will keep it real I'm gonna keep it
real to keep it right any looking
stunning that counts cuz you can't do
anything against those guys so I go
ahead